Jenny’s Hypothetical Answers:
-----------------------------------------------
        What is your sex or gender?
             Female
        What is your age?
             42
        What is your BMI (height and weight)?
              28.5
        What is your daily caloric intake?
              2500
        What is your physical activity level?
          I go for a 30 minute walk twice a week
        Are you trying to lose weight?
              Yes
        How many meals per day do you prefer?
              3
        Do you follow a certain diet (vegan, keto, paleo, etc.)?
              No
        Any other dietary restrictions (religious, allergies, etc.)?
              A peanut allergy
        Are you monitoring your own weight or someone else's?
              My own, but in the future I’d like to teach my family how to use the app for themselves.
        What kind of food do you prefer(plant based or animal based)?
              Plant based
        What are your favorite ingredients to use?
              Avocado
        Do you often eat meals from particular cultural backgrounds?
              Yes, my husband grew up in Korea
        Would you rather try new foods, or stick with what you liked in the past?
              Things have gotten a bit boring and predictable, I’d like to mix things up
        Do you prepare meals for more than just yourself?
              My husband and my 12 year old son
        How often do you eat at restaurants?
              Once a week
        Do you prefer quick and easy recipes or do you prefer more elaborate and fun recipes?
              Quick and easy recipes
        What is your budget?
              $720 a month (for 3 people)

About Jenny:
---------------------------------
      GENERAL DESCRIPTION:
            Jenny is a 42 year old mother of one with a BMI of 28.5. She would like to start planning her meals to help her lose weight.
            She consumes about 2500 calories a day, but she thinks with better meal planning she could lower that number while still feeling satisfied with her food.
            She finds it difficult to find time to exercise, but she still manages to go for two 30 minute walks a week.
            She would rather lose weight by changing her diet than increasing her activity level.

            Jenny prefers to eat 3 meals a day.
            She has a serious peanut allergy that limits the kinds of foods she can eat.
            Other than that, she doesn’t follow a specific diet. Her favorite food is avocado and she would like to cook with it more often.
            Her husband is from Korea and likes to cook Korean food.
            She has gotten bored of eating the same old meals and wants to try cooking new meals to mix it up.

            Jenny lives with her husband and 12 year old son.
            She sees her son eating unhealthy foods and drinking sugary drinks, and wants to set a better example for him.
            Her husband’s diet isn’t much better. Jenny’s family goes out to eat at restaurants once a week.

            The family’s monthly food budget is $720 a month for 3 people.
            Her and her husband both work full time, so she would prefer recipes that are quick and easy.
            She hopes that she can find a way to quickly plan recipes and meals to help her and her family eat healthier.

      THINKS:
            Jenny thinks she needs a way to track her daily food consumption so that she can identify which foods are problematic.
            She wants to add more variety to her and her family’s diet while keeping meal preparation short and simple. 

      SEES:
            Jenny reads books in the self-help genre, but has always struggled in implementing the advice she reads into her daily life.
            Jenny sees other moms who are able to maintain a slim figure and Jenny wants to be like them too.
            Jenny also watches television shows about cooking.
            These shows have meals with a variety of different ingredients that Jenny wants to try cooking with.

      FEELS:
            Jenny feels a sense of guilt due to believing that she and her husband haven’t done enough to teach healthy habits to their son.
            Jenny loves her family and hopes that she can lead by example. 

      DOES:
            Jenny remembers to log her meals in the mornings and evenings, but often forgets during lunchtime due to the stress of her work day and due to the distraction of chit-chat with coworkers.
